there's a difference between visible and
usable biceps if you don't believe me
try this visible biceps are made by
progressively overloading the muscle
typically through a curl type of
movement so if I did this type of
movement more often and with obviously
heavier weight my biceps would probably
grow and a bigger bicep is inherently a
more useful one but usable in this case
is flexibility combined with strength
but instead of starting with a flying
back catch clasp your hands behind your
back and we'll start with a bicep
stretch easy medium hard hardest by the
way it's okay to feel a shoulder stretch
but over time you'll feel more biceps
then go straight to a German hang easy
medium hard hard s by combining a
stretch and an end-range strengthening
move you're creating strong and flexible
biceps bounce back and forth for a few
sets of 30 seconds and you will have
highly usable biceps stay flexy